era-3.md, before:

## Era 3 — The Gold Rush (2008–2012)

When the web industry exploded with new possibilities and rapid growth.

### Core Technologies
- AngularJS  
- Backbone.js  
- Ember.js  
- Knockout.js  
- Node  
- NPM  
- Express.js  
- Meteor  
- HTML5  
- CSS3  
- SCSS  
- LESS  
- CoffeeScript  
- Bootstrap  

### Browsers & Engines
- Google Chrome  
- Mozilla Firefox  
- Apple Safari  
- Internet Explorer 8 / 9  
- Flock  
- Maxthon  
- SlimBrowser  
- Android Browser  
- Opera Mini  
- Opera Mobile  
- Dolphin  
- V8  
- JavaScriptCore/Nitro  
- Chakra  
- SpiderMonkey  
- WebKit  
- Gecko  
- Trident  

### Tooling & IDEs
- Sublime Text  
- Adobe Dreamweaver  
- Eclipse  
- NetBeans  
- Visual Studio  
- WebStorm  
- PHPStorm  
- Brackets  

### DevTools & Debugging
- Firebug  
- Chrome DevTools  
- Safari Web Inspector  
- YSlow  
- PageSpeed  

### Infrastructure
- RequireJS  
- Browserify  
- Grunt  
- Bower  
- Yeoman  
- Heroku  
- GitHub  
- Bitbucket  
- Jenkins  
- Travis CI  
- Circle CI  
- Cloudflare  

### Culture & Workflow
- Single Page Applications (SPAs)  
- "JavaScript Everywhere"  
- The "Build Step"  

### Influencers
- Ryan Dahl (Node.js)  
- Lars Bak (V8 Engine)  
- Isaac Schlueter (npm)  
- Paul Irish (Google Chrome)  
- Jeremy Ashkenas (Backbone, CoffeeScript)

Commit message:

Call out hybrid and TV surfaces

era-3.md, after:

## Era 3 — The Gold Rush (2008–2012)

When the web industry exploded with new possibilities and rapid growth.

### Core Technologies
- AngularJS  
- Backbone.js  
- Ember.js  
- Knockout.js  
- Hybrid Mobile (PhoneGap, Cordova, Sencha Touch)  
- Node  
- NPM  
- Express.js  
- Meteor  
- HTML5  
- CSS3  
- SCSS  
- LESS  
- CoffeeScript  
- Bootstrap  

### Browsers & Engines
- Google Chrome  
- Mozilla Firefox  
- Apple Safari  
- Internet Explorer 8 / 9  
- Flock  
- Maxthon  
- SlimBrowser  
- Android Browser  
- Opera Mini  
- Opera Mobile  
- Dolphin  
- V8  
- JavaScriptCore/Nitro  
- Chakra  
- SpiderMonkey  
- WebKit  
- Gecko  
- Trident  

### Tooling & IDEs
- Sublime Text  
- Adobe Dreamweaver  
- Eclipse  
- NetBeans  
- Visual Studio  
- WebStorm  
- PHPStorm  
- Brackets  

### DevTools & Debugging
- Firebug  
- Chrome DevTools  
- Safari Web Inspector  
- YSlow  
- PageSpeed  

### Infrastructure
- RequireJS  
- Browserify  
- Grunt  
- Bower  
- Yeoman  
- Heroku  
- GitHub  
- Bitbucket  
- Jenkins  
- Travis CI  
- Circle CI  
- Cloudflare  

### Culture & Workflow
- Single Page Applications (SPAs)  
- "JavaScript Everywhere"  
- The "Build Step"  
- Hybrid mobile apps prove the web can ship on phones and TVs  

### Influencers
- Ryan Dahl (Node.js)  
- Lars Bak (V8 Engine)  
- Isaac Schlueter (npm)  
- Paul Irish (Google Chrome)  
- Jeremy Ashkenas (Backbone, CoffeeScript)
